✨ Document new gated repository features (#705)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/models-gated.md

## Manual approval

> By default, users requests to access the model are accepted automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, requests to access the model are automatically accepted.
```

Model authors can set the approval mode to "Manual reviews" from the model's **Settings** tab.

> Doing so enforces that each access request is manually reviewed and approved by the model authors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing so enforces that each access request will be manually reviewed and approved by the model authors.
```
